75 people out of 100
Community
Oversaturated with folks who dont know what theyre doing.
Learning to code will not get you the job, its only a small portion.
Half folks from last cohort did not have technical interview
Spend time on things that arent just code
Learn to code, learn to network, be different, to get high paying amazing career.
DO not know how long that window is open
Never just click apply
Connections are everything

Trough of Sorrow
20 weeks in the much
wiggles of false hope
- people respond to jobs, great interview (interview is not going to work out)
- Apply to 60 companies. We dont just click apply, networked into. 
- About 10 of those interviews will go bad
- About 40 of them so-so
- About 10 of them go amazing
- Then maybe 2 Offers.
When it feels bad, you have a community to fall back on. 
Only way to get through the trough of sorrow is with community. Help each other out.
When you graduate, the expectation is you turn around and bring three more with you.
Make sure your people make it through, help each other out. Three people with you getting a job.
Make sure they are prepared. 

Udemy Reasons
1. Very Easy to spend money and feel like youve done something
2. Some Youtuber told you to
You got go.
We dont get got, we go get.
 
3 Core Things to get through Trough of Sorrow:
1. Managing Frustration
- Ability to do hard work
- To struggle and fail over and over again.
- Nothing to do where you started. All walks of life. 
People get older, you lose ability to manage frustration. 
Frustration is what stops you from learning. 
Mindset of most successful students: 
Individuals who say know what, whatever he said, i didnt get. But I know tomorrows my day.
It WILL make sense. I will keep working until it does.

2. Being consistent
- Huge impact
- Consistent every day doing this.
- Outside class 10-14 Hours 
- Class 6 Hours or so
- Spead out your learning to a period everyday
- 1-2 Hours a day is goal.
- Set up your life to be consistent.

3. Taking care of yourself
- Sleep
- Exercise
- Eating right
- Chess Example: How many calories burn in professional tournament: 6000 calories in a tournament
  Cognitive Effort has a real toll on your body
- Most folks burn out
- Lose the endurance to keep going
- Marathon, not a sprint. 
- JUST DO IT. MAKE YOUR DREAMS COME TRUE. 

Course Setup:
Materials: 
Always will be on discord

Checking In: 
Like and Retween the Tweet
To be in Turing & Hopper: 
Mandatory

Networking: 
3 Individuals Already in Tech each week
2 Coffee Chats each week and sit down with them 
learning right now, what are they doing, etc.
Twitter is a huge resource for networking.

Submitting Work: 
Always due a week later
First Google Forms Then Github

Coding Challenges:
Not yet, but there will be a coding challenge every single day in the future. 

Roller Coaster: 
Will be a roller coaster, hate and love it. 
By Beyonce! Go through it like beyonce, have fun. Enjoy the process and the ride.
Make lots of friends and give it your all!
YOU WILL GET IT EVENTUALLY. BELIEVE!

Syllabus:
None. Learning Full-Stack Javascript. 
Code Weenies. Trust the process.

Community Rules:
Anonymous Report = !report
NO NSFW
No Hacking
No Bannovating
No Discrimination, (Bad Terms: Race, Terms, Disability, Etc.)
BE a good human. 
Do not split community. Do not share other programming communities. 
Before you type anything, ask yourself. Is that the nicest, kindest, thing that I could type.
Tech is not a welcoming space in general. 
WE CARE!

Be kind to each other
Be positive, assume the best
Accept my own failures and those of your peers as an important part of the process.

Learned how to learn:
Have you ever reread a chapter multiple times to try to learn something?
Have you ever taken a lot of notes while trying to learn something?
Highlighted?

None of these help you to learn....
Two strategies to learn stuff faster, more efficently, and forever
1. Active Recall
- When you finish reading something, you recall what you just read. Every single time.
- Stop and recall to yourself what you just read.
- Say out loud what you just learned to your imaginary friend haha.
- Get a duck that you can talk too. YOU HAVE R2. 
- Dont take notes, take questions.
ex. What is something that I dont have to re-read multiple times, but actively practice after? That 
helps you learn material?
A: Active Recall

Ebbinghaus Forgetting Curve
What is the forgetting curve how do we not forget? 

2. Spaced Repetition
What is spaced repeition? 
Ability to remember things goes up and up. BUT SPACED. Review his slides.

(Two Videos Cover this)


ANKI 
https://apps.ankiweb.net

- Emotes you get on this channel. Free Art Class with Nuns haha. Drawing isnt that great. Personal meme.
Website: HTML
Look:CSS
Activity: Javascript (example pizza toppings)

Internet is a wire Client>Server(html,css,javascript) 
front end developer back end developer know how both work together 
Transatlantic internet Wires 53 Terabytes per sec ISP - internet service provider DNS - Domain Name
System IP ADDRESS URL - make it to our server server has code running on it using Code language

HTML5: Video, Audio, Canvas, Geolocation, Websockets

HTML Syntax

<p class="nice">Hello world!</p>

Golden Rule
Seperation of Concerns

HTML = Content / Structure Markup
CSS = Style Markup
JS = Behavior / Interaction

Questions:
What is active recall?
What is spaced repetition?
What should you use to learn? Two things
Why should you write your own questions in anki?
Why should you use anki every day?
What is the internet Hint: Client and Server? Clients? Server? Request?
What are the nuns?
What are front end developer?
What are back end developers?
What is DNS?
What is VPN?
What is protocol of the internet?
What is HTML5?
What is CSS?
What is Javascript?
What are some common elements in HTML?